I have an idea for an application that allows the user to keep track of the food items in the house. They can add items, set where they are stored, include the purchase date (default to entry day), best before end date, quantity, weight etc. The user can quickly see latest items and upcoming use by dates from the UI.

Locations can be added, such as the fridge, freezer or various cupboards. These can have sub locations such as top shelf, bottom shelf, left drawer etc. Food items would be added and stored in a database. 

Long term I see the adding of product done by: entering product detail(s) (name, manufacturer, EAN), scanning the barcode to use the EAN, or by using image recognition via webcam capturing live video (like in OpenCV).  I have had a few thoughts on the system overall, would it be cloud based (need to look at long term costs on hosts/servers and relevant technical information), should it run locally, would it need internet access etc.

I don't feel that I know enough yet to fully understand how cloud based would work and the requirements needed to make it do so. I had thought about building a desktop application, or at least a server app with a web UI client. I could look at Django or NodeJS, where I know some of the basics. The user would have their database stored locally and no internet connection would be needed, other than for EAN/UPC lookup. this could be optional. OpenFoodFacts provides a database (need to check licence) which could be useable (I am looking at using their API). Potentially it could be just a mobile app, but more likely a desktop server application and mobile client application. Finally I have also considered developing the system using the Raspberry Pi as it has the camera, and the AI hat/camera. The idea being that the device could be self contained, would not require internet access and could be used in locations such as the kitchen (similar to other smart devices)

